Links: .NET Desktop - framework\wpf (#109)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/advanced/walkthrough-hosting-a-3-d-wpf-composite-control-in-windows-forms.md

- [Design XAML in Visual Studio](/visualstudio/xaml-tools/designing-xaml-in-visual-studio)
- [Walkthrough: Hosting a WPF Composite Control in Windows Forms](walkthrough-hosting-a-wpf-composite-control-in-windows-forms.md)
- [Walkthrough: Hosting a Windows Forms Composite Control in WPF](walkthrough-hosting-a-windows-forms-composite-control-in-wpf.md)

> - [Hosting a WPF Composite Control in Windows Forms Sample](/samples/browse/)

Reviewer: Fix sample
```suggestion
- [Hosting a WPF Composite Control in Windows Forms Sample](https://github.com/microsoft/WPF-Samples/tree/master/Migration%20and%20Interoperability/WindowsFormsHostingWpfControl)
```
